Encontré esto y creo que podemos construír algo interesante con ello... un jugador de americano dice que se pueden usar dispositivos de realidad aumentada para tener más empatía con la gente en general, lo cual es cool, literal caminar en los zapatos de alguien más pero en una editorial sobre la platica de este jugador, el escritor dice: bueno si pero sería mas interesante que en lugar de solo empatía tuvieramos empatía afectiva (porque hay dos tipos de empatía) y entonces realmente sentiriamos lo que el otro siente al momento de vivir. Y eso es lo que sería interesante. Partir del hecho de que ahora tenemos toda esta tecnología para compartir todo pero si en un futuro se usa para lo anterior entonces la vida real y la vida digital podría ser igual. http://www.ted.com/talks/chris_kluwe_how_augmented_reality_will_change_sports_and_build_empathy El articulito escrito lo tengo yo. En la plática el habla sobre realidad aumentada, lo cual tambien podemos usar para sacar como argumentos. 

Digital dualists believe that the digital world is “virtual” and the physical world “real.” This bias motivates many of the critiques of sites like Facebook and the rest of the social web and I fundamentally think this digital dualism is a fallacy. Instead, I want to argue that the digital and physical are increasingly meshed, and want to call this opposite perspective that implodes atoms and bits rather than holding them conceptually separate augmented reality.
But the dualism keeps rolling in. There are the popular books that typically critique social media from the digital dualist perspective. Besides Turkle’s Alone Together, there is Carr’s The Shallows, Morozov’s The Net Delusion, Bauerlein’s The Dumbest Generation, Keen’s The Cult of the Amateur, Siegel’s Against the Machine, Lanier’s You Are Not a Gadget, and the list goes on (we can even include the implicit argument in the 2010 blockbuster movie The Social Network). All of these argue that the problem with social media is that people are trading the rich, physical and real nature of face-to face contact for the digital, virtual and trivial quality of Facebook. The critique stems from the systematic bias to see the digital and physical as separate; often as a zero-sum tradeoff where time and energy spent on one subtracts from the other. This is digital dualism par excellence. And it is a fallacy.
Most importantly, research demonstrates what social media users already know: we are not trading one reality for another at all, but, instead, using sites like Facebook and others actually increase offline interaction. This is not zero-sum dualism. As the famous Network Society theorist Manuel Castells stated earlier this month,
Nobody who is on social networks everyday (and this is true for some 700 million of the 1,200 million social network users) is still the same person. It’s an online/offline interaction, not an esoteric virtual world.
http://thesocietypages.org/cyborgology/2011/02/24/digital-dualism-versus-augmented-reality/

tambien me encontré este artículo serio sobre un asunto. 
Looking at innovation through CCT glasses: Consumerculture theory and Google glass innovation
Stefano PaceKedge Business School - Euromed Management, Marseille, Francestefano.pace@kedgebs.com
Abstract: Current innovations can be so radical that common models of innovation diffusion might not be enough for the understanding of innovation adoption. The success of an innovation relies on the functional features of the new product and on how consumers shape the meaning of that innovation. Consumer Culture Theory can help innovation managers by highlighting the cultural determinants of consumer behaviour related to innovation adoption.
The work provides a preliminary analysis of how consumers are creating the cultural platform that will determine the success of Google Glass. These glasses are equipped with a computer that connects the user to the Internet and shows
layers of information on the display. The findings suggest that consumers are shaping the meaning of this product through two contrasting ideas: that Google Glass will empower users or that it will detach them from reality. The work provides suggestions for innovation managers, including a stronger focus on cultural aspects in innovative thinking. 
